Isn’t this Ma Ma’s son?
Really better than you. Yes, this is clearly his specific address.
Mom just praised you so much,
If you have the ability, you are very powerful. woman mother,
This is very good. Ah Cheng,
When I come here, I know how to do things the best I can.
How to say? In the past,
I don't believe in love, nor do I believe that you are really the best.
But I believe it now. I thought about it,
Live a good life with you for the rest of my life.
OK, I'm ready to leave the business at home.
Follow you and I will do whatever you do.
Give up increasing your childbirth and convey your message to me. Do you want my success?
Just food and accommodation are included. No money
Although there are only two pieces of chicken
But it’s also a good material for success tomorrow.
Sister, I will search for you like crazy, crazy, crazy, okay?
Why do you care so much about this matter?
I have to have a really strong tone
You have such good conditions
I am a villager
I don’t want to give you chicken rice, who dares?
People say it's okay
I can tell everyone now
I use my own strength
Take you home
I also decided
I buy two cars, two cars
One for three parents
There's another one for us, Master
not lost